but great matches kind of like a handjob
right if you're already hard then you
can just grab it and she can fucking go
boom boom boom boom boom and then the
last little thing there explodes right
but if you're not really into it like a
cold match you got to tickle the taint
or rub up under the balls a little bit
and get things interesting then up and
down the valley a little bit and then
finally
[Music]
Michael was trying to recreate the
Freebirds of 10 years before at that
point and Michael was always a great
wrestling personality and a great promo
and the reason why Buddy Roberts became
a free bird was because Michael's work
was always the shit's and Bill Watts
made buddy a free bird so it could be
buddy and Terry with Michael doing the
talking so he was in de facto the
world's largest wrestling manager but
afterwards I went up to visit Michael as
I was trying to sneak up on yes ed he
kept catching me I'm laughing right and
he looked at me said oh if you hit me
with the racket I wouldn't sell it
anyway I said what he said we got to get
over strong get some heat like the old
days will sell chairs we're not going to
sell tent like the animal and Hawk and
Dusty Rhodes and Ric Flair whoever is
sold the tennis racket suddenly michael
hayes is goddamn Superman he can't sell
a tennis racket it's okay motherfucker
and Jimmy Garvin who had always been a
friend of ours we'd always had great
relationship with got on supplements
because he's fucking what 510 205 and he
was trying to work like a badass and
once again they didn't want to fucking
sell now we're baby faces we're working
with another team that don't want to
fucking sell Jimmy Garvin don't want to
fuckers I was bigger than Jimmy Garvin
here's what shot steamboat in the foot
because when he came in as the greatest
wrestler you know greatest babyface in
the in ring in the world coming in but
they did the family man thing and Bonnie
was out there with little little Ricky
Bonnie steamboat I'm sorry I don't mean
to disrespect Ricky but Bonnie steamboat
was not only featured in front of the
cameras but she was doing a lot of
talking behind the scenes as well and
there's Flair who's cool who's fuckin
all the women and it to be the man you
got to beat the man at whoo stylin and
profilin and here comes Ricky Steamboat
he's dragging his wife and kid along and
she's wearing a gown it looks like it's
cost as much as fucking six months rent
for most of the people out there he says
something Ricky wanted to do it's I I
can't say that Ricky wanted to do it or
didn't want to do it it was a creative
idea that that George Scott and or Jim
heard and or both had and Bonnie
steamboat went along with it
wholeheartedly probably he was excited
wholeheartedly wholeheartedly Tony's
wife pulls up and all the kids are in
the station wagon look like a little
kids soccer
and Tony opens the door and there's this
caterwauling just fuckin kids screaming
you've never heard such a den of noise
in your life and he slams the door and
it automatically cuts off and then they
pull out with the six kids at Arn
Anderson said Shivani
you got enough come and you to shampoo a
buffalo Tony was unhappy because he felt
like he had he had been with Crockett
since the early 80s Jr had come in in 87
when they bought the UWF and they made
the call Jeff car and and the TBS you
know program executives made the call
that Jim Ross should be the lead
announcer Tony obviously got his
feathers in a ruffle about that and
started looking elsewhere you've done
stuff for us I remember Hawk Santa's
we're gonna put you guys over of course
they did it with every goddamn there was
a table in the ring and there was
distraction and hand grenades and
rackets and Ellering running around and
they beat us up afterwards everything
but one two three right in the middle of
the ring and the office got hot because
they changed a finish even though they
put the other team over so the next
night in st. Louis they came up with a
finish where they still wouldn't beat
the Midnight Express they had Ellering
pinned me and we weren't even in the
match Kansas City st. Louis Atlanta we
would do promos for all these and I
would write down who our opponents were
if it was a world title match or if it
was a stipulation or a war gaffe
whatever well you got to remember 11 12
years earlier he was a big deal in the
Carolinas for George Scott so I remember
that hour of bringing back the Iron
Sheik another tough main event star and
we're like what Tully and iron coming
back the Reformation of the four
horsemen against Gary Hart's group and
etc etc this could be what we needed to
finally get us back in business
and he rescinds the offer because
totally flunked the drug test and that's
when I started having my first of my
regular joust with him because well TBS
won't allow it and that's bad for
corporate policy when I weigh out a drug
addict come to work vested god damn I
thought of everything I even thought
what about if he goes through a drug
treatment program and then if anybody
says anything you can announce that a
guy who's gone through rehab and his
turning his life around has been given a
second chance by these wonderful Turner
Broadcasting executives and he couldn't
come up with a reason to fucking not
like that so he just said wah wah
which is what he usually said when he
couldn't come up with a reason but to
show what kind of a fucking no-good
piece of shit he was he
darn to shane douglas who heard was the
only person that heard disliked more
than the midnight express calls Jim
heard and complains and of course he
gets chance to knock me so if I could
heard buys it well yeah a wrestler
shouldn't be selling for a fucking
manager anyway and tells us to retake
the fucking match he even said to me in
the airport before we're gonna do the
taping you know I don't sell that powder
and that Memphis stuff right like hey
you know what I'm a junior member of the
booking committee but you're the junior
member of the goddamn talent roster you
ain't tell me what you're fuckin selling
or not selling
[Music]